Please anonymize the following text: 



Record date: 2070-07-28

 
                           OFFICE NOTE
                    FRANKFORT INTERNAL MEDICINE
                       28 Bailey Street
                            2nd Floor
                    North Webster, SD  48493
 
 
Chandler, Jessica
MRN: 748-80-38-0
07/28/70
 
Jessica returns today for follow-up after her admission for acute
shortness of breath and congestive heart failure.  I had added
Zaroxolyn on to her regimen which she is tolerating well.  However,
her recent laboratory studies show that she has a significant
increase in her BUN and creatinine.  Her BUN is in the 80's, and
her creatinine is about 3.4.  She states her breathing has been
excellent, however.  She is not experiencing as much dyspnea on
exertion.  She is sleeping through the night, and she is no longer
having any kind of dry cough.  
 
Medications:  Her current medicines are Nephrocaps 1 tablet p.o.
q.day, Paxil 20 p.o. q.day, Cozaar 50 p.o. q.day, Prilosec 20 mg
p.o. q. day, Atenolol 50 p.o. q.day, Lasix 120 p.o. b.i.d.,
Zaroxolyn 2.5 p.o. q.day, Albuterol nebulizers p.r.n., nph 40 units
in the morning and 40 units at night time and aspirin 81 mg p.o.
q.day.
 
Allergies:  Cephalexin causes questionable rash.
 
Physical Examination:  Today she is a pleasant black female in no
acute distress.  Her weight is 330 pounds.  This is down over 20
pounds over the past month.  Her blood pressure is 122/80.  Her
pulse is 80.  Her lungs are clear.  Her heart reveals distant heart
sounds but regular in rhythm and rate.  Her extremities are notable
for the absence of lower extremity edema.  Her abdomen is also
noted to be significantly less edematous than it has been in the
past.  Inspection of her left lower extremity reveals that she
continues to have an ulcer over the lateral aspect of the foot on
the plantar surface that measures 2 x 3 cm.  There is beefy red
granulation tissue surrounding this.  
 
Diagnosis:
     1.   Congestive heart failure.  
     2.   Coronary artery disease, status post CABG.
     3.   Morbid obesity.
     4.   Adult onset diabetes mellitus.
     5.   Chronic renal insufficiency.
     6.   Foot ulcer.
     7.   Depression.
     8.   Health maintenance.
 
 
 
Chandler, Jessica
MRN: 748-80-38-0
07/28/70
Page Two
 
Plan:
     1.   Congestive heart failure.  She is doing much better on
higher doses of diuretics with a weight loss of over 20 pounds
since her last visit here about a month ago.  At this point in
time, however, I think that we need to cut back on her Zaroxolyn
given the elevation in her BUN and creatinine, and I've asked her
to hold her Zaroxolyn dosage and continue on a relatively low-fat
and low-sodium diet and to have a scale and obtain daily weights,
and she will follow-up with me in the office in two weeks and per
telephone conversation in four days.  Should she have an increase
in her weight by more than five pounds, she will contact me.
     2.   Coronary artery disease, status post CABG.  Stable
without any symptoms of exertional chest pain.  Continue current
medication. 
     3.   Morbid obesity.  She decided not to go to the Frankfort State Hospital weight loss program.  I strongly wanted her to go
on a liquid protein diet plan, but she states it's inconvenient for
her to come to the Hospital at night time for the meetings.  She is
planning to try and enroll in a program at Sibley Care.  I told her I would help her out in any way possible, but
strongly reinforced to her the need for her to take off weight.  
     4.   Adult-onset diabetes mellitus.  Stable.  Continue current
regimen.  
     5.   Chronic renal insufficiency.  The plan as above is to
stop Zaroxolyn and repeat electrolytes in five days. 
     6.   Diabetic foot ulcer.  I also gave her a duoderm dressing
to try, and she is going to continue to follow-up with her
podiatrist, and I will speak with her visiting nurse about
appropriate treatment.
 
 
 
Ruby C. Ayala, M.D.
 
DD: 07/28/70
DT: 07/31/70
DV: 07/28/70
/naranjo
 ******** Not reviewed by Attending Physician ********




"""
)


class Patient(models.Model):
    """Patient"""
    name = models.CharField("Name", max_length=100)
    dob = models.DateField("Date of Birth")
    sex = models.CharField("Sex", max_length=100, choices=SEX_CHOICES)
    age = models.IntegerField("Age")
    weight = models.FloatField("Weight")
    height = models.FloatField("Height")
    bmi = models.FloatField("BMI", blank=True, null=True)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "%s" % self.name


class Physician(models.Model):
    """Physician"""
    name = models.CharField("Name", max_length=100)
    dob = models.DateField("Date of Birth")
    sex = models.CharField("Sex", max_length=100, choices=SEX_CHOICES)
    age = models.IntegerField("Age")
    hire_date = models.DateField(null=True, blank=True)
    hospital_id = models.IntegerField("Hospital ID")
    hospital_name = models.CharField("Hospital Name", max_length=200, blank=True, null=True)
    hospital_citystate = models.CharField("Hospital Citystate", max_length=200, blank=True, null=True)
    specialty = models.CharField("Specialty", max_length=200)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "%s, MD" % self.name


class Hospital(models.Model):
    """Hospital"""
    name = models.CharField("Name", max_length=200)
    citystate = models.CharField("Citystate ", max_length=300)
    zipcode = models.IntegerField("Zipcode", null=True, blank=True)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "Hospital ID %s" % self.id


class Drug(models.Model):
    """Drug"""
    med_name = models.CharField("Drug", max_length=100)
    med_desc = models.TextField("Drug Description", blank=True)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "%s" % self.med_name


class Diagnosis(models.Model):
    """Diagnosis"""
    med_id = models.IntegerField("Drug ID")
    med_desc = models.CharField("Diagnosis Description", max_length=200, blank=True, null=True)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "Med ID %s" % self.med_desc


class Medication(models.Model):
    """Medication"""
    med_name = models.CharField("Medication Name", max_length=200)
    med_desc = models.TextField("Medication Description", blank=True)
    med_type = models.CharField("Medication Type", max_length=300, choices=M_TYPE_CHOICES)

    def __unicode__(self):
        return "Medication ID %s" % self.med_name


class MedicationHistory(models.Model):
    """MedicationHistory"""
    med_id = models.IntegerField("Medication ID", blank=False, null=False)
    med_name = models.CharField("Medication Name", max_length=100, blank=False, null=False)
    med_desc = models.TextField("Medication Description", blank=False, null=False)
    med_type = models.CharField("Medication Type", max_length=300)

    start_date = models.DateField("Date Started")
    end_date = models.Date = models.Date
    end_date = models. 
    time = Modules.  21 3 0

    time
    meds = 14
    date

                   date =

    date: 022 30

    date
    time
Date    time

                    date
432


    date

    date     date.


   


   date


Date:

 0 1
  1 2
                

    date
    date 2 2 3
2/4 2 0
10 date:
    Date

    date 4
Date: 1
4 0
1 3
date

Date: 2. 2
date 2. 3, 4 5
12
4 4 
Date  
   
date   4
date
date: 6
1:   
 3
date 4 1
3 3 1:5 3 
Date

Date    Date 20 3 13

19
            3 3 days:44
2
2: 11 1
1, 4
   4
130
           
M
 10 
M            20
   2
 5 8

1
 5
A - 330 1 2.
15 20
The - 3 
13.

1 date. (

2: 31. 
20: 1 day (1 week
The Saturday 4.19, 

CRO.

MIC.11 123
1
CROP:   11
 MRO CHES. 3 ( 2:  AFF, L 3, 1: 4:23, 2 211 4 (30306211 098 M     (9, :1. A 13 - 10 ( 22 9, 1. An, the    1. 0, the (to 19 LIS. An C L An C5  A An   0 A   An L   An. An FIS,  Anist Anistic Anistic An1 and the 121 to L1  Anual  and a to 0-2 to 00, the  1-3-9, 00/30 An An An 8 An An (1 Anistic Anification, 0  is 30: 0: An A-A and An An An An Anist An L8 An8. An L. An L in the An L A L A An L L An An 10 Anductary Anistic Ancial An: Anific: An 000 is20 (2 An is A C (  and the  An (  An An An: a  An An, An An An A  1.  for the  and -. An C. -C, 8 An Anualist C and L. 8 An  and and, 8.  8 An.  and.  and.  in , the  for the  for the.8-8. 10 8108-38.8: 6 8: : 1 8  and a  and a .  -  (   - -  and a  in A :  in  :.:   in the [.   ( and a : a -   (, &-. An.. :-  [: : - the - [- -.  [.                 in. : An [:  (: [ and, [ and. and (,   - : and: -  and  and:  and  in [. :  :  and in::: [-to  - in: ( : (  and  and in [ the  the  and  and  C. a C in ( is the and, L-  L  C  is is  is the is -  an - an  [- I is and in  is  is is. in  and in in the is the (- is- I C and L- at- at. in the- C is, and in a  and in ( in of a of  of  in of the a. in (0 in and a is,  and, a and and and and and a- C- C and  in in in the and in a in the c during of the in a of  of C of the of of the of the C in the C of the C c in C and and in the and C c - the - C - c. and, and and and, C ( c.- in in. and (. [.. in the in the ( and in a C in the c- the, in  and the ( c a in C C a c and [ C C a and a. c a B c in. in B [- a in in c as ( of a of a of an of and of of B and during - B is. in in and of  in the in  c of in of c of - in ( c. and- (. and ( : and b ( in: c a- and: b c b l c and- t and: b ( in and [-  in c in:  in ( c and ( and and c- and in, a in a the b,..  in  b in  c - -  and-    [ B in [. B. b ( c c-  b [ B ( b w. -  a.  in the - the c- c.. (  and-  w [ c-  - : (.  and ( and and (- and [. c and c in  in in in  of the  ( [ ( a c for and a and  for the for for as and and  [ for  in [ in ( w.. and [ and to and- to a as in as and  and - as as.  a in. c and a   and,  w. - [ a [  the  the [  the [. and. and of  and  and a-  and and in a- the (- and in in  of  and  a-  and. - al, and.  c in in and b up up (,..  and and and a of.  of and,,  and in. in the and in for ( ( c and [- [[- [ as ( and (  (.  and and - [ (  ( and.  ( and is the -  ( B in  of (  [  ( [,  up on, [ [ b [   B C- - C [  a, [[ B  [ -  ( -  [- in in- [[   [-  ( - B and-   and and  and ( b- B- -  (  of-  of  of  of  of a ( and and " a c - and- and  in [ [ of - (- c-  and  and- con ( in- c [ to,  to, c c to ( to in - b ( b- c c r w b ( and a- in and in, to ( b to ( B.- w. and- for, for to. [ a. c, and, [ and  [ to r [ c and  to and  [-  r and, w, b and ~  ( c in ( c in  r w [ R C.  and with- and and c- and [- and c- and